blog(embertimes143): ember engines docs (#600)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-04-10-the-ember-times-issue-143.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Ember Engines Documentation Rewrite ⚙️,
Ember at Square 💻,

READMORE

---

## [Ember Engines Documentation Rewrite ⚙️](https://twitter.com/MVillander/status/1246162676176355335)

> [Michael Villander (@villander)](https://github.com/villander) announced a rewrite to the documentation for the Ember Engines Guides to improve the user experience to the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Michael Villander (@villander)](https://github.com/villander) announced a rewrite to the documentation for the Ember Engines Guides to improve the user experience for the community!
```

> Updates include detailed explanations ranging from what Ember Engines are and why should you use them, to differentiating the behaviour between _standard_ and _in-repo_ addons for Engines. The guide also goes through routable vs route-less Engines as well as how to “mount” them into your application. Finally, it also covers how to test code within Engines.

Reviewer: I thought adding `that` would help with understanding a long sentence.
```suggestion
Updates include detailed explanations that range from what Ember Engines are and why should you use them, to differentiating the behaviour between _standard_ and _in-repo_ addons for Engines. The guide also goes through routable vs route-less Engines as well as how to “mount” them into your application. Finally, it also covers how to test code within Engines.
```
